this is [Music] it
whis hold my heart so dear dancing in a
dream the mute sings to me she says find those buried books defend those
children Aphrodite with the truth Snake Queen with powerful dream
media and the snake Charmers Dragon Venom think of vipers make you Hemorrhage blood Hemlock
Wolf's ban Lavender Moon rise they red G
electrical blood bind you with wonderful drugs raw opium drips hail Satan in the
Dark Harbor open your eyes give you Vision go to the serpent Temple
and take some Dragon Venom power of the Black Mirror I'm with the root Cutters
the DOR Bringers media the Sorceress Venus producer of the sweetest
Nectars dance with The Muse the radio Spectre the M say to
me whisper little things hold my heart so de
in a welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse I have some great news for you and I have a couple of
things to talk about our our talk today is going to be two different things I'm
GNA introduce you to the kitis and then we are GNA look at a couple of
I'm sorry we're going to look at a couple of this is serious couple of uh
passages there right out of Genesis just to show you um how this cannot be a
translation um from Hebrew to Greek the the Greek is the original yeah um it's
gorgeousness and gorgios is what it is um so that's fantastic we'll get to that
second half first half I want to bring you and I want to make make this a solemn moment I do before we
get to the kitis I want us to be
able to be able to really push into that dirt to get down there and to get that
evidence right in our hands I just want to look at it I want to look at it Teddy base if you like the
music you're going to like Teddy Bas check out Dragon venom dragon Venom oh
God dark dreams my favorite oh love it love it um thank you teddy you are a
true orus um fantastic we'll be featuring it
chewy is gonna be working on some Visionary stuff using that music so I'm
looking forward to it I'm looking forward to it good job chewy um everybody loves chewy say it in the
comments we all love chewy yes here we go are we ready um I also want to say
shout out real quick to Gnostic informant who is sitting on a beach in
Florida yes relaxing after a most excellent
interview with Danny Jones who is the most EX excellent
interviewer yeah love it I cannot wait until um
my segment comes out because it was he did such a good job it was the best day
of my life I asked Neil when he's sitting on the beach he's reading Carl
kin I think you know um and he says oh
my god um he says this was the best day of my my life I said yes see that's the
thing I told you Danny Jones Danny Jones and Stephen with a
pH yeah Steve with a pH love it he
drives it you know what I mean the Artistry of all of that it's all through
Steve Vision oh God it's such a good job so it should be out people keep asking
me when's this interview going to come out and I like well you know when it's
done um yes fantastic fantastic and I hope people here
will you know uh engage engage and enjoy I hope that we
can enjoy it you know we're not doing this because it hurts right all right
least you know all all uh forgive me
sisters of ation I know you do it because it hurts I understand let us
show let us show people the cantis are people ready do you think they're ready chewy no I don't think they're ready I
don't think they're ready all right here we go tonight on tonight's show lady Babylon let us take a look at the
canias before just to start us off the ship it's done we're here right get out
everybody out we're here it's the tonight I've got some Exquisite
alexandrian dead people stuff for you oh God the necromancy tonight is off the
short and you're about to get hit with a wave so just hold on there everybody who
knows lady Babylon hold on there hold on
okay here we go bring it up take a look it's the stats really
quick you know what I mean just take a look at the stats this is the total number of words total number of words of
different languages from Antiquity you notice the Egyptian total number it's like what is it five million that's not
bad that's not bad right look at the um down a little bit lower latin's got
about 10 million oh that's night this is up to 300 ad right um so that's not bad
that's a decent amount that's a decent amount what is the uh tell me something what is the Acadian at what's the Acadian
everybody's trying to Ram aadan 9 million right okay uh Samaran here here
shout out to Gilgamesh in that third grade reading level
epic you know me people you know I'm gonna call a spade a
spade okay now I want you to look at Greek look at Greek
57 million 57 million you can take it down
57 million do you know what that chart says you say it says a lot it's got a
whole bunch of numbers and bleep bleep QE this and Pie
that that chart says
Greek is a potent lady she is a potent
lady she is GNA take you somewhere that you cannot go with a million and a half
unique word forms your average third grader's got a
vocabulary of you know the gilgames reader has a vocabulary of about 3,000
words you know what I mean oh God maybe 4,000 5,000 oh my god do you know that that is
about all of the ancient Hebrew wait a minute you mean the
technical level of the ancient Hebrew that we've got is about the level of a third grader yeah it
is it is it's a sad reality and I'll show you
in a minute but languages are not all cre created equal
yeah and oh God did Greek take over oh
god oh so much so much why what is the superiority people keep asking me what
is the superiority of Greek ancient Greek what is what is the power it's the
power to transform it's the power to take what is in the mind and to bring it
down to pull it down to a concept oh god let's keep going where's
the kitis where's the kitis bring on the
kitis [Music] oh open the doors for the kitis what is
going on on that pot that looks oh is that who I think it is is that
gamed oh chewy you found us ganam take it that's okay take it
kitis oh let's show them let's just show give me the slides Now give me the slides boom here we go people right out
of the Victorian flus are you ready catamite that's what a keenos is it's a
catamite did you see what the victorians did they took you off into Latin so that
only educated would get it that's not nice of them it's generally Aude fellow
a lude fellow there's a lot of range does anybody use that kind my neighbor
is a lwd fellow public dancer oh my god
well this is getting better because in the plural it's used just for obscene poetry how and look at the bottom number
three that's Galen that's being cited there oh God and I look this one I check
this one right canidon give me the next one what is canidon
canidon oh he look he says the canidon is the
youngs or it is the cugus youngster
cugus well I thought you said okay everybody sitting down on the bench
today's the today's field trip what we're doing is we're sitting in this field in Antiquity and I'm bringing to
you the kitis I'm bringing to you what is the kitis I don't know what it is yet well
it's a yuns okay give me the give me the give
me the next oh whenever he spanks okay fantastic that was from yeah okay
fantastic let's go um I'm scared atmology look at here look at this what
is this from what is this catamite mean right I told you they were fooling you right using Latin on you so you wouldn't
recognize it well a catamite it's really from the atrin and that atrin believe it or not is written backwards right
because it's supposed to be right to left but anyway catamite from ancient Greek
GES G madees do you hear the ma root in the
mwa yes media you're GNA start smelling the perfume of media now around the
kitis an attractive who's Gam need he's an attractive Trojan boy
abducted to Mount Olympus by the god Zeus to become the cup Bearer and
lover yes oh fantastic you have some mesmerizing art for us nice job JY bring
us out are you bringing us again amade right this is the cup bear of Zeus and
lover wait a minute wait a minute you mean a
kitos is what what is this thing it's
a male underage
Lover now I told you I told you get ready for the wave right we all just got
splashed sure yeah uh don't worry it's okay you know
we're just observing we're dead guys speaking you know what I mean hell Satan
right go give me the next one um look Camus here it is in Latin a boy or
younger man and a homoerotic homoerotic in a homoerotic relationship
remember they don't have a word for homosexual right so if you just left that out in a sexual relationship you'd
be just fine you'd be just fine yeah that's what they're describing okay okay
give me the next one give me the next one boom you got to go with the flow what is a junx what is a junx it's the
rck it's the rck wait a minute so the catamite the catamite is what he's the
young according to Galen that you take that rout for
catamite and you add an ending to it and it changes into a bird okay now we're
going to be watching this bird from it I know it sounds like magic and it is but
I want you to follow the logos here follow the logos are you ready um look
at number two it's a spell or a charm it's a passionate
yearning now after that word passion phrase passionate yearning for it says
a you remember who are the H of Jesus Jesus his
Apostles his Apostles okay his Apostles are you ready
for the magic are you ready for the magic here we go here we
go give me the next one I'm on I'm gonna go quick tonight I'm gonna go quick tonight we got to keep up look at this
the canidon now who is this this is hus hus
remember who he is he's our secret weapon you got no seminarians you got no
preachers who use hisus right you got
nobody nobody even close uses hisus you've got a few
classicists who will use hisus hopefully most of them hopefully most of them here
we go what is a Canon it is an oron the Young
it's a bird it's the junks okay what is the canos it's an
poros it's an it's a what you can hear the porn and the pornos right what is your canidos what
is your boy right he's a boy who does things
that promote AEL GAA what is assel GAA
those are things you got to have purifications for those are the things those are the
reasons that if you're Jesus Christ you get arrested in a public park with a
naked boy yeah screaming I'm not a
lace yeah okay how many do you do you have
with you tonight Jesus how many do you have You' got 12
right let's go and see what's happening with the okay keep hang in there people
it's gonna get rough are you ready give give me that one um here we go what is that ass salgas oh Mr Victorian what is
it it's lenus wanton brutal yeah look look look I told you
they're all Farmers right lascivious and lwd
ah lascivious lascivious what is that boy that boy is
lascivious yes that's a Victorian way of saying that boy is sexually
active yes yeah okay and give me some specifics about this kid give me some
specifics did we get I think you skipped one did we get the um I wanted to see
the hang on let me just make sure that we didn't oh yeah um right here people
look for that Canon where that is the Yung the bird or the
cugus um if you will look up cugus which I think we've got something on minute I
just want to break it down for you say so is like um seismic think of the word seismic we get seismic in English it's a
shaking or quaking shaking and what is augus
that's your buttock that's your buttock what does this kitis
do twerking twerking it's a dance people
it's a dance of offering oneself and if you take that
bird and you nail it to that wheel
it'll Scream Wait what you know what this is
all for oh I'm sorry I got ahead of myself just wait okay here we go that's
bad bad on me excuse me bad bad on oh ow
okay no the in my ear right technically let's go to the next one boom what is it
NIS well it is this canidos right so here look what I'm doing people I'm bringing you from the grave I'm bringing
you the person who is defining it and ultimately remember this ends up from going from hisus to um his the real
source of this dictionary which is an alexandrian Garian and he says the kitis
is the naris naris how do I know you know I'm an
adct Greek dude walking around how do I know Nar say I don't recognize that give
me the next one don't worry we can figure it out NAD NAD Zone oh right it's using the
same root which is probably palasan and what does it mean it means to p
zinone and you'll recognize my Greek students will recognize the root for the child in their
p is the root for child what is what what do you do when
you P zon well if you ask the victorians they'll say you play
sportively to engage in youthful Amorous
play youthful Amorous play that is what the canius
does Jesus Christ was arrested Ed with a
slave who was a boy and who was naked he was assigned to
Jesus what is the say puges what is it that these boys are
characterized by doing what is it what is I know it's rough material people it's rough but
it's history you can turn away if you want to let's go give me the next one
who is that you're that's
always oh goodness we're back look at that that creepy Jesus got us knocked out of the asteroid belt okay give me
the give me the next one boom where's my where was it on the list there it is
okay so I want to look at who is the yunks remember um it's the bird it's the
bird you you right stay with me and what is
this junx this junx is also called seop pus that is the quaking of the
buttocks yeah and um why is this it's because by the way who am I reading to
you who am I translating for you this is the scholiast on theocritus ID number
two so this is one ancient Greek talking about another famous ancient Greeks work
okay skolas they're commenting on the work and this commenter here says what
is the yuns because in theocritus the second ID which is about the witches and
the sorcery he mentions the bird the bird is Central right what is the bird here the
bird is known to turn around and shake its booty they call her
yunga cicus told her about her she's the daughter of Ekko wait what she's the
daughter of Echo and what does she do well we know
it was done to her Zeus drugged her
pH God drugged her why so he might sleep with her when Hara found out she turned
her into a bird why so that she could work power of the
Witchcraft power of the drugs isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous what do we have there oh let's keep going let's keep going um give me the next one what do we have there we
got P which is your rump right I want you people to see this but
but it's also look at num number two at the bottom right and by by the way this
is the standard word for buttocks in ancient Greek um how do we Define the buttocks we Define the buttocks by
staring at aphrodites isn't that interesting what do they call Aphrodite they call her
caliginous that's her epithet she of the beautiful
bodocks she of the beautiful bcks how do you define that's not the this we got to
turn around come on sh we got we got a falcon on the wrong side um she of the
Beautiful bcks That's How let's go back to the um the buttocks because at the
bottom of the buttocks you're gonna find something look here and the number ranal number two
ur ur right so we're at the buttocks and if you just move down a little bit
you're going to see the Ura what is the Ura take it down I'm going to tell you what the UR a
is the Ura is what Satan
used to draw down a third of the Angelic
Powers now for those of you who are sitting on the throne of Satan hail Satan for those of you who are sitting
on the throne of Satan do you
understand yeah for those with ears to hear for those with ears to hear um
that's what the Ura is now how is the Ura translated go to the next slide kick
it kick it chewy boom what is that Ura it's the tail right it's right there at
the bottom of the pig and it's the tail it's the tail you got that thing whoop
hanging off the bottom there and uhoh what what what else you know yeah I just
got to say go ahead and leave it up the the God who
left the AA with the best looking being and a
tree full of drugs that God wasn't thanking I don't know that's bad
planning Okay Yahoo if there's one thing I can say bad planning what is the Ura
that Lucifer is so well known that serpent is so well known for using look
at number two I Doon iion you mean his tail is his idon yes some of us
listening tonight have an idon or idoya
many of us have idoya yes those are our Tales by which
we who are the most beautiful command the universe whose kingdom is this whose
kingdom is this says Jesus Jesus tell me Tell Me
Jesus whose kingdom is this it's Kingdom of the
devil isn't that nice that's the UR do you understand it go to the next one go
to the next one quick hit them with this before they wake up watch here we go um
this is part of the commentary I just want to pull out this scol ass and said look we get a really good explanation of
priapus here right Prius is that child of dionisis and the nymph niad Kean
right you know they he's associated with lampsacus you know and some people say
was dionisis himself and they prove this I'm translating from the atmology look
at it oh God look at this third line down the fourth word inas
that's the word for atmology oh god oh it's so good it's so
good it's the it's the good that says don't show it from the waist
down fantastic Prius now why are we concerned about
Prius and the atmology of his name just hang in there see it's all wrapped up
together nicely connected beautifully in this beautiful tapestry of History
written history right oh here we go give me the next one give me the next one
because I want to explain what the scholiast says and this is theocr theocr
is a helenistic poet by the way people right like the helenistic poet yeah the
awkwardest idles talking about magic talking about bringing back your
lover you want call back your lover here we go what um one before this
chewy one before this we got one star system ahead there there we go um and look what does he say here um about the
atmology right it actually is not preus he says it's
Brios sticks the diagma that oops Salon in there and what is this for
this is because they're referencing he says the Bic dance of
intoxication that involves all the shouting the
shouting right the shouting and he's arguing that emologic from this next
star system go to the next one boom um look here A A are you ready what does it
mean it means some kind of roaring some kind of
vocalization right in the middle it can be to
summon right oh I like that I like that so much it's that voice that magic voice
that calls can you hear it I love it give go back to the one more time with
the text above that now people what does he say at the very bottom he says in priapus some people say Prius is comes
from Sperma uh oh when I said Sperma you probably got it what is it to project
the sperm to project the Sperma when you does everybody see what that moment is
of that Rush that that ye that shouting that
vocalization that brings the fork the throwing out the injection into the
world of that Sperma because we all
know we all know that the universe is born from
seed the universe is born from seed We Are
Farmers our universe is cultivation you know where religion comes from some people people have been
saying comes from the drugs no the drugs are a part of it but
it doesn't come from the drugs it comes from the
nature yeah comes from nature herself oh wow wow
imagine understanding the world from that perspective okay here we go that's Prius
and that's why he's necessary keep going next one oh bam we're going to get through these fast tonight people um
there's there's a couple of how do we get here by the way everybody since
we're here and you see the kitis sitting in front of you right you see the can
you saw him I usually don't refer to the um you know to our thumbnail but tonight
were looking right in the face of that boy who was with Jesus Christ when he
was arrested in a public park and the kid was naked he was naked at the time
right with just this bandage on his private parts what's happening Jesus Jesus is
screaming I'm not a trafficker yeah where are those boys
where are those boys there's three of them running there right which one of them did he give the did he give the
weapon to it was the old one you know what I mean that older teenage guy what was his name Peter I think it was yep
let's keep going they called him the rock right the enforcer how do we get here we got here from the
filtra right what are the filtra they're those pharmaka those drugs people that
lead us to Filan they literally cause us
to passionately crave filia do you know what I mean I'll give
you something and when I give you that substance you will be pushed what how do
they translate filia it can be kisses it can be kisses G lot it can be
kisses or it can be hardcore intercourse
yeah that state of Love isn't that nice um these kisses can be brought to you by
the drugs so we're sitting here in Antiquity
right put down put it down put down the whatever it is dinner put it down we're
sitting here in the park and we're with the kitis the one that was with Jesus when he was arrested he's got the bandage on
his private parts and what is he doing he's getting drugs he's getting drugs to
make him sexually aroused you mean they're drugging people
I just gave you two direct examples one with zus and one with
Jesus and what do we do we turn the kid into a
cup the cup Bearer is the one who has that G and we're going to push the
poison through the Galan we get a combo and that combo will keep you
alive okay all right you wanted to see it okay
we got more on the cantis here keep going to the next one was that
Hermes had to had to summon them okay look at this people what are the pharmica that we're talking about
um in this particular commentary he's saying Hey or you know scholiast work is
not really commentary it's just like a helpful way of explaining the Poetry right um like the Poetry is being
studied so yeah in the selenian mountain what happens the um there are these
people there and they have they possess these instruments that belong to media
and and Cersei and they're things that they use to prepare drugs they're used
to prepare drugs right for those of you who thought media was myth these are people talking about the a reference to
the instruments that they're using in their drug um making craft their
toxicological work yeah right um they've got them they've got those instruments
um keep going beautiful uhhuh next one um remember the
Nanos that's with Jesus we're gonna I'm gonna give you just a little bit of
whiff of that boy I want you to come close to the to the kid the naked the
kid that was naked with the bandage on his private parts I want you to come close to him from the throne I want you
to reach out and I want you to say whatat is this historically
young man young man what is this thing now you know what what is he according
to hezus he's a napos he's a napio seriously that makes
me feel bad for him you know what he just said he said he's an idiot he's somebody who can be mentally controlled
like a young boy Oh you mean I shouldn't have called him a young man no because
he's not a young man he's a boy he's with a napus he's with with somebody who
is not mentally finished haven't cooked
yet give me the next one what is this what what is napia just for those of you
because I get people um telling me hey no this kid he's 30 he's got a beard and
he's got a wife and kids No No napia or
mikra P there's are tiny kids those are tiny
kids who cannot yet understand how to defend themselves if you give those kids
drugs as a lce Stace you can
sexually mold them into
prostitutes conveyors of a religious form of communion known as the
mystery are you kidding me is that what Jesus was doing with the boy is that
what Jesus was doing with the boy now everybody who says Nanos is a 30-year
old right no look at how they're defining the words all you do you seminarians you
Bible historians all you Scholars of things having to do with the Dead Sea
Scrolls all of that religious
garbage doesn't use the evidence it doesn't look at the evidence and it has
it it has no reality to it no undergr it's built on a sand it's built on pure
sand oh love this stuff where is the L Le you want to know what L is let's show
you one let's show you Alexander because people have been asking me St L Alexander the false prophet is one and
what does he do he orders his boys according to their looks they got to be tall they can't have
pimples got to be clear complexion they got to be the cream of the crop he
says yes okay and what can you do with your boys you can drug them you can drug
them yes they're little factories people it's
ancient pharmacology where did that gigantic where did that gigantic I was waving this around it's one of my one of
my copies of gayin today I was looking at it it's volume 12 oh it's right here
chewy it's volume 12 take a look at this people people take a look at this this is volume 12 from 1826 and what is it
it's one of the pharmaceutical volumes you mean that is all an ancient Greek
dude writing about drugs all of
that all every page every
page oh my god wow the sophistication here you got
to have respect for it you really got to have respect for it here get us back up put that what is that in the converter
something all right it's plugged in fantastic go to the next one go to the
next one let's keep come on we got to keep people um in that zone um for those
of you who missed the Bible I just wanted to throw in Micah come here Micah
come here Micah the prophet right this is made up in the thir Century but um
here we go what God is gonna destroy
utterly the drugs your drugs not just the drugs your drugs he's gonna destroy
them right out of your hands you greedy drug Thugs and what and
all of those elevated thoughts that you get from them
what what yes yes Yahoo's back at the party right
Yahoo's back at the party he told the devil he was like watch the drugs watch them yeah what do you think
think the devil did she was you don't understand you just don't
understand that's the problem that's the real difference between the devil and Yahoo Jehovah Hashem that's the big
difference between hashm and Satan
yeah it always comes down to Aphrodite it always comes down to
Aphrodite who do you think it is that gives you all the generation why do you
think the Romans walked around so proud to be the Children of Children of
Aphrodite God okay you're almost there if you're that much closer to the
mystery name of power that is Roma if you've captured that name yet
you just got a whiff of it right there do you you feel it you just got a whiff of it the medwa is the
AA is the AA and you set her up with the Adamas and in their presence you you
brought him you brought the best looking in the with a whole bunch of sex drugs
and you you didn't think they would end up naked you pervert oh my God your religion is built
upon an orgy right now it was fabricated in the 3 Century fabricated in the third
Century let's go give me the next one give me the next one we're getting into it I want to give you some verses look
we're going to end on this we're going to end on this tonight I'm going to
bring you back to Creation what is written below is the Greek says in the
beginning God made uranos and Gia uranos and Gia and Gaia was a oros
and now I'm just going to show you this is the passage that says the Earth
was AOS I'm gonna show you how this is a more technically advanced work than what
the Hebrew is that this cannot be a translation of Hebrew you cannot take a
non-technical term and Jazz it up or translate it into a technical term you
can't do that you can go the other way you can lose Tech you can't gain
it it's how Mother Nature works baby it's the way up let's go to the Tower of
Babel are you ready give me what is the so the Earth is a oros let's see what is
the Earth it's a oros give me the next slide what is a oros please I don't mean to be all yell um here it is I just
wanted you to see it a oros see the last word I just blew it up right a oros can you see that everybody in Greek should
be wondering what what is a or it is unseen or invisible and you can
see this is just H the Greek verb to see plus the alpha privative Ah that's not
too that's not doesn't take much to figure that out it's the Unseen and the
the invisible notice they say the toon is the Unseen World now look what the
Greek is doing it's taking a concept and it's taking it out of the abstract
adjective form the description and it's turning it into the concrete it's making
it a noun and Greek is exceptionally good at doing this and as a result the
Unseen becomes that which is unseen the Unseen
World do you know what the Unseen World is you can you could do do you know what
the Unseen World is no of course you don't right because this author who is
writing the Torah is Faking it they are creating
something not passing down documents they're creating it is a Greek
creation oh are you kidding do you know how much that changes history oh my God
it's no wonder Israel and Tel Aviv felstein it's no no wonder you were
there we found we found that Canaanite Temple the bottom of megiddo you know
that thing they call Solomon's blank Fortress or what you know it's not that
you know it's not that there's no archaeological evidence this is a forged
history it's a forged history fantastic right now presumably they want you to
than scribes and Scholars and Sadducees and SE
and you know zealots people in deserts with pots and the end is coming that
kind of people right the people with the knowledge of the Box the monest Box
because what monism does and aanan taught us
this and I am Amon hell Satan
aanan is the one who's bringing first brought that monest box everybody in the
Box anybody outside the box gets killed that's all there is to it it's the form of
genocide that makes the basis of the volcano of monest
religions it's that magma it's ultimately G to blow yes fantastic not
so fantastic right that time I should said not so fantastic um the Watchers thank you so stuck by the way go to the
next one um look at this what do they make of the that which is unseen what do they do with the Unseen World right um
the translators who are trying to create a Hebrew text from the Greek sepian it's
very complex um formless confusion
unreality maybe emptiness right doesn't it sound like a shotgun sounds like a shotgun bro did
you hit that the linguists that are working on this did you guys hit that with a shotgun right were you're like oh
I don't know but here this is bound to hit something it's from an unused word
what the I dare you to find I dare you to find any any classical philologist
that would ever say this for an unused word it sounds like your Hebrew your
ancient Hebrew is a forgery it sounds like you're making it up from the Greek
did you know there are words in Greek that are way older that the Hebrew
adapts to its own in the septu it makes it creates Roots it's a forgery the
Torah the Old Testament the pentat the Books of
Moses a forgery a forgery
wow wow why would you do such a thing why would you forge something like that
right it's appropriation it's to claim legitimacy right it's that fight that
Eternal fight between us and what is foreign yeah it happens over and over
again in history and ultimately it ends up in a genocidal
rainstorm yeah it's amazing amazing monism is it's the most dangerous
Quantum chemical in
existence and in reflection yeah yeah it's that
reflection poison let's go let's go to the next one um um what is a so you can
see that the Hebrew is is not able to approximate what is aat now look at this
word you can just look at this what else is the world in creation
it's now you can see from this Greek that this is not a short little word this thing is built not only does
this thing have a root but it's also got a prefix and an alpha privative okay now watch how the meaning
changes what is this [Music] thing what is an earth that is that um
we'll start with scos that means something prepared by art right it's
artificial as opposed to futos and what is
futos that is something that has fuo that has nature that's been
engendered that's been engendered and this word scalos is used of drugs right
why because drugs are prepared they're artificial constructions when they're
talking pharmica right they're not talking plants now they're talking all
of the plant substances that we're combining and we're treating with this and this wash and we do the 6 months
later it turns out you take the stuff and it turns you into Frankenstein right okay what is this
thing here look at it's a drug but look at um galin there at the bottom it also uses thumi amata what are thumi amata
those are things that you inhale right you come over and there's a you know
Priestess and she's singing and she's burning some stuff and after a while you
you flying with the group welcome welcome to Bic
air please put your seats in their fully back position with your feet up in the
air yes fantastic fantastic brought to you by the
Virgin oh is this that virgin yes this is the dark one this is the dark one
this is the melind no way oh isn't that
gorgeous that dark mind H beautiful you knew if I was going
to talk about the magic of the catamites you knew that I would have to bring her in right she's the queen let's go to the
next one so what happens with that scalos when I add Conta to it watch the Greek
form real Concepts artificial is opposed to a self gener rated right um under
artificial conditions and then suborned when you talk about people or um being
suborned oh God now let's add an alpha privative to the front of it watch how
it changes the meaning what is this thing out of the Bible
a not properly prepared and the first example they give is a fon
right unformed unwrought
unpolished now give me the next one please give me the next one what is the
hus what do you think of akatas you think it's
Aon Aon look at that beautiful long word how it's K plus filo plus a on the front
of it what does it mean what does it mean I'm chasing these words words I think I think I'm I'm ecstatic or
something because it's they seem to all be connected aalos means without
adornment without
adornment okay how is it going to be translated into Hebrew this
term are you ready here we go
emptiness now you can hear it you can hear it if I just explained
everything I explained to you to a third grader they would say
emptiness yes yes do you see what the Hebrew
Scholars were doing Hebrew was so dead
that they only had 8,000 words to work with and the best that you can do is
come up with something that sounds like the Epic of Gilgamesh it's just a fact of
nature mother Greek is a monstrous she's a
monstrous let's keep going let's keep going the next one watch this I'm going to do it with another verse are you ready and the Darkness was all over the
Abu all over the what Abu what is an Abus
give me the next one it is a Pas something that has
noas no boundary it is an infinite it has no
stops to it wait a minute the abyss has no yes um give me the next one look how
how are we going to Define it with the with the victorians it's bottomless unfathomed and they talk about pagy
Springs unfathomable boundless right boundless now look at definition
number two what is what is it when you take this word and Greek does this this is again power of the language it'll
take now that adjective bottomless UNF
unfathomed right which by the way puts the what is unfathomed that's the mind
of Zeus right nice um the thoughts anyway the council um and what is it
what is it it's the great deep it's the underworld it's the infinite wait no
leave that one out what is it when it says the great deep here you notice where that's from That's from the septu
agent and underneath that is the Gospel of Luke the epistle to the Romans and
the apocalypse wait a minute I think we have a Victorian I think we have a Victorian who's messing with
us do you see what happens where we're trying to define a word based upon its
neighborhood and its neighborhood is a select text group of texts the New
Testament and septu and that's it they're trying to create a special
Divergent definition and this is a no no
this is a no no let's keep going go to the next one watch this people boom what
are we do with it third grade man Rocka an extended surface or an
expanse a surface or an expanse you see how here how basic that is a surface or
an expans okay so my tech is dropping I'm losing my tech give me one more example
I'm going to show you this one more time now you'll be able to predict it yourself or was that the one more did we Skip One um yeah here here's the now
the stom um everybody's heard this translated as firmament firmament right
the firmament it's okay I didn't include this the firmament what is that firmament well
let's see what the STA is blow that up for me please it's a solid body and
you'll notice right after it they quote anaxagoras okay uhoh now you're talking about some pretty complex
cosmology right okay fine immaterial solids
Foundation or framework for example it's the Skeleton on which the body is as it
were built it is that solid foundation now look at number three this will throw you
what is this it's also the St now the person here argues it's the one that the
STA that has to do with the ship the STA that has to do the ship but watch this
next one Bo [Music] what is the STA that's the one that they
say no it can't have anything to do with that that has not brought forth right no children no making a wait
what a heer yep right can also just be a woman who
is Barren who has not produced now notice right in the smack dab middle of
this is the orphic litha I've got a student shout out to Ian who's reading the orphic litha right now right okay be
careful you've got oric Vox going on right right look at this look at at the
bottom of that paragraph that's number two Roman numeral number two it says fusus and P
right do you see what's happening the Virgin the Virgin steps
forward the Virgin steps forward now wait a minute wait a minute before we go
give me the picture of that virgin back again whoever whoever you had programmed
in for fantastic so um you mean the
virgin is she who separates the
[Music] waters yep and if you and I are on
Cyprus we know who that is
she comes right out of those Waters she's the one who has the
seed and perpetuates everything
yeah that Prius that is the spirit of the
Lees who overcomes the kitis because the
reason the kitis is so important and why Jesus has one is you have to have that
poison along with that kitis
ejaculate you have to have its priapus right you have to have that
force or it won't work physiologically it won't
work and it's dangerous because they're what their painting that scene done with
it's wrapped around that kid's private parts that's a poison it will kill
you it's all those witches man it's all those witches you see that thing sitting
there sitting there that thing is described in Aristophanes and he Compares it to a
penis yeah and it's a joke between a wife and her husband she wants to give
him some yeah and he's like nope h
interesting let's go back remember we're in Cyprus so what happens go back to the last one we're in Cyprus so um ladies
guess what this weekend you get to go out and celebrate Adonis with a total
stranger that you pick out um and Mr husband that you have at home he's not
GNA say a single thing do you know why we have kicked around we ladies of cyia
have kicked this place around so much we have real power we have real power isn't
that nice wouldn't it be nice how many let me just ask this before we finish we've talking about the kitis all night
right we have to because that kitis is with Jesus right and it's terms like
kitis that we can't we're not going to be able to translate um into the Hebrew
right um they just it's not going to be able to make it to that level um okay I'm sorry it's okay it's you know you're
dealing with a language that's got 1.5 million you know what I mean and you can't 8,000 right eat your eat your
cupcake Tommy you know what I mean eat your cup it's okay it's okay Daddy will
be home soon it's getting late so already 8 o'clock Tommy go to bed go to bed right me and me and Greek are gonna
stay up tonight me all right know it could you feel it
go go to that very last one give me that last last slide we'll end on this people just some a little bit of um serious
gift look at this SOS what is simos some of you will recognize the name simile this is hus
again thank you hus for your definitions this is Simile who is simile simile is
the mother of dionisis right Hill Satan the mother of
dionisis and what does hezekia tell us the great
name of the Virgin remember who she is simile and I'll just remind you she's
the Virgin who slept with seos who slept with God do you know her do you know a
virgin who slept with God is that something
and we're just here to prove that that happened look at the
name look at the name what's under the name of simile what's under the same root it's using
the same root coas coas that's the purple people that's the
purple you know in Ides in the opening lines of the bakai says that he was
birthed in the lightning he had that
oyas he got that oyst from simile from simile the child dionisis is
the child of she who founded the bakic
right isn't that gorgeous isn't that gorgeous welcome to the bakic Empire
welcome um it's time to go and that really gets my goat because I wanted to
tell everybody everybody um every anybody who's kept stop I mean keep just
wait with all do reverence Penelope show us the
cross give us the cross to behold let us know that its power
emanates from what it covers and it covers a multitude of
sin a multitude thank you Penelope
rock on thank you for coming tonight everybody you can see that I'm still not
giving you the address for am and you it's still under construction man it's
under construction it's coming but it's it will be something fantastic and I appreciate everybody who's interested
everybody right anyone who wants to enlist I appreciate thank you yeah
there's there's yeah there is there is hail hail Satan Rob Street there is a
stain yes do we have a song about an immortal stain I think we need one um
thank you everyone who is waiting though seriously and I will be pushing that forward please keep a lookout for Danny
Jones um who dly rocks um and okay um I
think it was gorgeous absolutely gorgeous to be able to sit with him so I appreciate that um thank you for coming
tonight and you know what it's time for it's time to hail Satan in my dreams describe the
phac bring the mystery of the drugs for Bas abalonia from the
Stars dark in the sky at a distance with arrows di in Dragon Venom
poisonous kisses and a leather whip Catherine of the wheel on the room when
she walks in I'm on the harp in the bongle drums like the magic
Jin in the morning I Blaze weed Get Behind The Mule and push someone's got
to grow this Sage of Frankincense so they can get high cornicopia from the
garden Orchard Bobo riger Tony sipping
at the bades have a little taste high off the
contact sounds nice her perfume is the
intoxication the music to me whisper little
things hold my heart so de dressing in a dream